docs: validating webhook (#1027)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.10/operate/prometheus.md

- `keda_trigger_totals` - Total number of triggers per trigger type.
- Metrics exposed by the `Operator SDK` framework as explained [here](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/building-operators/golang/advanced-topics/#metrics).

> ### Webhooks
> 
> The KEDA Webhooks expose Prometheus metrics which can be scraped on port `8080` at `/metrics`. The following metrics are being gathered:
> 
> - `scaled_object_validating_total`- The current value for scaled object validations.
> - `scaled_object_validating_errors` - The number of validating errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Admission Controller

The KEDA Admission Controller expose Prometheus metrics which can be scraped on port `8080` at `/metrics`. The following metrics are being gathered:

- `scaled_object_validation_total`- The current value for scaled object validations.
- `scaled_object_validation_errors` - The number of validation errors.
```
